day 21 at the 30 day challenge with the
google nexus 4 and we're talking
currents camera and more I'm Erin from
phone calm let's go see how this device
is holding out in day 21 and the 30 day
challenge of the google nexus 4 we're
also going to talk about the Straight
Talk service because I'm one day away
from this running out so I'll tell you
hspa+ connectivity this is using the
AT&T side of straight talks in Vienna
service so it's running off of AT&T
hspa+ theoretical peak of up 21 megabits
per second on ATT hspa+ network like I
said in the previous video I'm getting
about three to five megabits per second
on the download in most cases as you can
see right here but overall call quality
been relatively decent on this device
it's pretty much what you can expect
from AT&T in terms of connectivity and
call quality so if you're in a market
like Dallas where ATT is incredibly
strong it works just as good as AT&T
service and for that matter anywhere as
long as you're ok with going without LTE
if you're in any ATT market take a look
at this because you're really getting a
very similar proposition here in terms
of AT&T service for a lot less money so
you've got the ATT network reliability
or whatever the case may be in your
particular market but then you've got
$45 service for unlimited calls texts
and data as well with some caveats at
least you know they say that it peeks
out they say that that you can do they
throttle you in some cases so keep that
in mind if you are a heavy user you like
to watch youtube on a regular basis but
onto google currents you know this is
going to be a shorter update but what i
found is that i really enjoyed google
currents and ain't i am keeping in line
with telling you all about my 30 day
challenge it may seem dumb but I'm
finding that I'm really enjoying google
currents more than i thought i would so
I've got currents here and I can flip
back and forth and this is really
similar to flip board or really similar
to blink feed which we saw an HTC One
it's coming very soon the HTC One when
it hits retail stores it's really a
decent all-around news aggregator for
things like breaking news as you can see
here images are really clean the text is
nice and this follows along with the
Google+ update you know Android they've
done pretty decent job when it comes to
certain software or certain applications
that you're saying one of those is the
Google+ application it's fantastic the
other one is the current application i
mean this gives a whole new look and
feel to google in comparison to what
we're used to really beautiful with the
fonts look good the pictures look good
and i've been impressed overall with
google current
the other thing I wanted to talk about
day 21 I'm taking more pictures with
this if you follow our Instagram feed at
instagram.com / phoneDog all those
pictures are seeing on an Instagram feed
have been taken with the nexus 4 so I'm
putting the camera to the test for 30
days as well and I can say the camera
adds 8 megapixels it's not quite up to
par with the galaxy s3 the note to the
one x+ now the HTC One most likely
although I haven't given an extensive
testing so I can't say that for sure but
what I will say the camera images are
decent just doing this for example of
the door and the floor the door in the
floor that rhymes got a couple of
different options the photosphere option
which we talked about extensively and
reviews dog fights and more I don't
really see a use for this in kind of
common use I don't really see a point
where I'd be like you know this is great
in day-to-day use but you know still
kind of nifty to have and you can post
these to your Google+ pages and of
course you have panorama shots and a
couple of other camera goodies as well
and he came back back out and go back
into the camera and flip back to normal
of course you've got your gallery here
as well and then the Instagram button
because i have been using that on a
regular basis so the camera not quite a
depart with some of the other
heavyweights in the market but still a
decent camera and keeping in mind you're
paying 300 bucks for this phone as I've
said many times it's an option it's
something that you know what it may not
be the best but hey you're paying 300
bucks and you're saving some money so to
boot that's a nice choice so all in all
straight talk service pretty good
starting tomorrow I'll go back to an
AT&T micro sim and this device and
continue my 30 days within the straight
talk service overall been relatively
impressive for what you get 45 bucks
great bang for the buck put on speaker
so you can listen to it here and we'll
throw it up here on 611 just for example
and so you can see call quantities
exactly what you would expect straight
talk pretty easy to use pretty straight
forward the call quality works
relatively well haven't had any issues
with call quality and of course you get
a forty five dollar value proposition
unlimited data texts and then calls as
well so for the price point you really
can't beat it and then there's the
t-mobile option as well a lot of people
prefer the t-mobile option for the
faster hspa+ data speeds so that's
something to keep in mind as well if
you're in an area where t-mobile has
rolled out 42 megabits per second such
as Dallas you may want to try the
t-mobile sign up straight talk the
t-mobile in Vienna side as opposed to
AT&T stay tuned because we've got a lot
more coverage coming on the Nexus 4 as
part of my 30 day challenge let me know
what you think on Twitter at phoneDog
underscore heron facebook.com slash hi
aaron baker if you want to hit me up on
Facebook and then of course google + g +
t 0 / phoneDog i'll be back soon with
another update until then hit me with
your questions and what you want to see
on this device is I round out 30 days
with the nexus 4 thanks so much for
watching and as always we'll see you
next time